Add support for doctrine/migrations 3.0 (#278)
doctrine/DoctrineMigrationsBundle: Resources/doc/index.rst

.. code-block:: yaml

    # config/packages/doctrine_migrations.yaml

    doctrine_migrations:
        name: 'Application Migrations'

        # List of pairs namespace/path to search for migrations, one required
        migrations_paths:
            'App\Migrations': 'src/App'
            'AnotherApp\Migrations': '/path/to/other/migrations'

        # List of additional migration classes to be loaded, optional
        migrations:
            - 'App\Migrations\Version123'
            - 'App\Migrations\Version123'

        # Connection to use for the migrations
        connection: default

>         # Entity manager to use for migrations, when specified "connection" is ignored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Entity manager to use for migrations. This overrides the "connection" setting.
```

        em: default

        storage:
            id: ~
            table_storage:
                table_name: 'migration_versions'
                version_column_name: 'version'
                version_column_length: 1024
                executed_at_column_name: 'executed_at'
                execution_time_column_name: 'execution_time'

        # Custom migration sorting service id, must be a callable service
        sorter: ~

        # Possible values: "BY_YEAR", "BY_YEAR_AND_MONTH", false
        organize_migrations: false

        # Path to your custom migrations template
        custom_template: ~

>         all_or_nothing: false

Reviewer: Please add an comment explaining this option.

>         check_database_platform: true

Reviewer: Please add an comment explaining this option.

.. code-block:: terminal

    doctrine
     doctrine:migrations:diff                   [diff] Generate a migration by comparing your current database to your mapping information.
     doctrine:migrations:dump-schema            [dump-schema] Dump the schema for your database to a migration.
     doctrine:migrations:execute                [execute] Execute a single migration version up or down manually.
     doctrine:migrations:generate               [generate] Generate a blank migration class.
     doctrine:migrations:latest                 [latest] Outputs the latest version number
     doctrine:migrations:migrate                [migrate] Execute a migration to a specified version or the latest available version.

>      doctrine:migrations:rollup                 [rollup] Roll migrations up by deleting all tracked versions and insert the one version that exists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     doctrine:migrations:rollup                 [rollup] Roll migrations up by deleting all tracked versions and inserting the one version that exists.
```

    $ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:status

This command will show you generic information about the migration status, as how many migrations have been

> already executed, which still needs to run, the database in use and other similar informations.

Reviewer: Since we also say that we show generic information about the migration status, we may as well omit the last part of the enumeration:

```suggestion
already executed, which still needs to run, and the database in use.
```

    $ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:status

> This command will show you generic information about the migration status, as how many migrations have been

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command will show you generic information about the migration status, such as how many migrations have been
```

        }
    }

> If you run again the ``status`` command it will now show that you have one new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run the ``status`` command again it will now show that you have one new
```

migration to execute:

.. code-block:: terminal

    $ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:status --show-versions

Now you can add some migration code to the ``up()`` and ``down()`` methods and
finally migrate when you're ready:

.. code-block:: terminal

>     $ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate 'DoctrineMigrations\Version20180605025653'

Reviewer: Seeing this makes me realise how important it is that we show examples, since people may not be aware that they need to escape backslashes in shell arguments.

We may want to add a comment to highlight this and to tell people not to use double quotes (`"`) to quote the class names.

.. code-block:: terminal

>     $ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:version FQCN --add

Reviewer: Related to the comment above, we may want to use a sample class name to better explain usage.

Author: done
